Added Adinkra to the list (#49)
vmayoral/ros-robotics-companies: README.md

| [Acceleration Robotics](https://accelerationrobotics.com) | Hardware Acceleration for robots using ROS 2. Robot IP cores (`robot cores`). Accelerator-agnostic (FPGA, GPU) building blocks for robots (`ROBOTCORE®` family). | 2020 |
| [Accerion](https://accerion.tech/) | Make infrastructure-free positioning technology for mobile robots and AGVs. Triton[^79], simplify high-performance AMR functions in logistics. ROS driver for Interfacing with Triton sensor  (see [`accerion-ros-node`](https://gitlab.com/accerion/accerion-ros-node)). | 2015 |
| [ACEINNA](http://www.aceinna.com/) | Create sensing solutions for the development of innovative [Inertial](https://www.aceinna.com/inertial-systems) Measurement Unit (IMU) and current [sensing](https://www.aceinna.com/current-sensors) technologies for cars, robots and other autonomous applications. ROS driver for Aceinna OpenRTK products (see [`aceinna_openrtk_ros_driver`](https://github.com/Aceinna/aceinna_openrtk_ros_driver))[^111]. | 2017 |

> | [Adinkra](https://adinkratech.com/) | Specializes in end-to-end robotics and AI product development with a focus on autonomous drones, high-fidelity simulation, and computer vision. The company uses ROS2 extensively to develop such capabilities. | 2020 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Adinkra](https://adinkratech.com/) | Specializes in end-to-end robotics and AI product development with a focus on autonomous drones, high-fidelity simulation, and computer vision. The company uses ROS 2 Foxy extensively to develop such capabilities.  Common ROS packages used include MAVROS to interface with autopilot systems. | 2020 |
```
